# access-your-phone
Nowadays, usage of mobile has become a vital part of day to day activities of people. We can refer the current time as the era of Smart phones. Suppressing all other traditional communication purpose, smart phones are now at the peak of popularity in their usage of accessing the internet which includes mail access, social networking, mobile shopping and mobile banking. Smart phones contains critical and sensitive data of user like automated call records, photos, videos and saved passwords of Web Pages. So loosing the smart phone means a very high amount of irrecoverable data loss which may not be affordable in many cases
Previously manufactures of all mobile phone had dedicated application to control android phones to android phone through internet. This is the biggest disadvantages of previous system. In our proposed application we remove the disadvantage of previous system, and we develop this application which works even without internet . We can control our android phone remotely by using a single command SMS. 
 This project is an android based application which is developed to perform different tasks on your mobile phone from any other phone via simple SMS, and control your android phone remotely using SMS. The basic purpose of this application is that, if we have forgotten our android phone at any place we can still control that phone remotely by sending an SMS .If our phone has forgot to take and a contact number urgently wants by sending an SMS we could access it on that phone. When we need to delete a contact number it is also possible through SMS. We can change the profile of the phone via SMS ,like normal mode to silent mode and vice versa .By the connection of internet we could backup our contacts ,files from our phone through SMS and it can attach to  email. The user can access all the data's in their finger tip by installing this simple application. For securing the commands we need to set up a password in the android application and the security of the application also provide by drawing a secure pattern . 
